Q 1) What is the difference between runtime polymorphism and compile time polymorphism?

Ans:
Compile Time Polymorphism:     
Whenever an object is bound with their functionality at the compile-time, 
this is known as the compile-time polymorphism. At compile-time, it is known by the compiler that which method 
to call by checking the method signatures. So this is called compile-time polymorphism or 
static or early binding. Compile-time polymorphism is achieved through method overloading. 
Method Overloading says you can have more than one function with the same name in one class 
having a different prototype. Function overloading is one of the ways to achieve polymorphism 
but it depends on technology that which type of polymorphism we adopt.

Note: 
Unlike many other popular object-oriented programming languages such as Java, 
Python doesn’t support compile-time polymorphism or method overloading. If a class or 
Python script has multiple methods with the same name,  the method defined in the 
last will override the earlier one.

Runtime Polymorphism: 
Whenever an object is bound with the functionality at run time, this is known as 
runtime polymorphism. The runtime polymorphism can be achieved by method overriding. 
The compiler/interpreter determines the proper method to call at the runtime, 
not at the compile time. It is also called dynamic or late binding. 
Method overriding says child class has the same method as declared in the parent class. 
It means if child class provides the specific implementation of the method that has been 
provided by one of its parent class then it is known as method overriding.

Python supports method overriding and  hence runtime polymorphism.


Q 2) write the difference between method overloaidng and method overriding.

Ans:
i. Method overloading(note: not supported in Python) is a compile time polymorphism While 
   Method overriding is a run time polymorphism.
ii. Method overloading occurs within the class but Method overriding 
    occurs between two or more classes wih inheritance relationship.
iii. Method overloading may or may not require inheritance. But, for Method 
     overriding inheritance is necessary.
iv. In Method overloading methods must have same name and different signature.  
    But in method overriding methods must have same name and same signatures.
v. In method overloading, return type can or can not be be same, but we must  
   have to change the parameter.While in mrthod overriding, return type must be 
   same or co-variant.

Q 3) Explain super() constructor.

Ans: In an inherited subclass, a parent class can be referred to with the use of the 
super() function. The super function returns a temporary object of the superclass that
 allows access to all of its methods to its child class. It can also be used to call 
the super class parametrized constructor inside the child class using super().__init__() .

